# product
case blog video
Transparent LED screen becomes the new darling of fashion business circle
BY HTJLED /  WEDNESDAY, 21 APRIL 2021 /  PUBLISHED IN POSTS
  LED display technology has been continuously developed in recent years, and many innovative new products have been derived. Transparent LED screen is one of them. It is popular with terminal customers for its wide application scenarios, transparent screen body, light and thin, high brightness and so on. With the rise of the “new retail” concept, major supermarkets are paying more and more attention to the improvement and transformation of the “field”, and LED transparent screen are becoming more and more popular among retail customers and become a drainage artifact to enhance the store experience.

The new retail trend prevails. Transparent LED screens become the best choice for store decoration

  What is new retail? It will be the three core elements of “people, goods, and fields” to realize resource sharing and logistics interoperability of various channels, open online and offline to each other, and adjust product prices, shopping experience, product quality, etc. Optimization and upgrading. The core element of the new retail “field” is to optimize and upgrade customer experience and integrate experiential consumption and personalized services into consumers’ lives. Under the current background of the prevalence of new retail, it is necessary to upgrade the business premises to attract more consumers, and the Transparent LED screen is one of the upgraded scenes and a powerful tool to attract traffic. New retail has led to the rapid expansion of the LED transparent screen market. For merchants, under the current wave of new retail models, it is the first step to retain consumers to transform commercial stores and create attractive places. LED transparent screens are widely used in various places, such as elevators, aisles, shop windows, indoor atriums to glass walls, architectural landscapes, etc., large and small places can use it to create gorgeous decorative effects. The characteristics and characteristics of its screen can make buildings and showcases more fashionable, colorful, and modern, giving people a unique expressiveness, and become the best decoration choice for shopping mall facades, shop windows and other scenes.

Create punch-in locations and brand publicity influence in business districts Make good use of Transparent LED screen to generate traffic

  Traditional offline retail is to build high-end and beautiful stores and shopping centers, use lighting, beautiful decoration and other designs to give customers experience with high-quality products and services. However, today’s shopping malls are similar, excessive commercialization and similar layouts and experiences. , So consumers are not fresh and lacking attractiveness. And in the past, the shop windows in the business district used the liquid crystal display terminal LCD, but the LCD is limited by the size, whether it is a virtual try-on on the display terminal or watching advertising information, there is no good sensory experience. Nowadays, the addition of transparent LED screens will not affect the original state of the store. It also presents information advertisements with a wider field of vision and bright and clear pictures. The combination with the glass curtain wall and window makes the store have a high-end fashion feeling. .

  Offline, high-end luxury brands and jewelry brands prefer to use Transparent LED screens. With the help of Transparent LED screens, not only the facade decoration looks more high-end and exquisite, but also the style and advertising of their products can be well presented. If used in conjunction with creative advertising videos, it can also create a sign-in place for business districts, attracting people to take pictures, and increase the traffic of stores in the business district. For contemporary young people, taking pictures of cool and beautiful things and sharing them on social platforms has become a daily operation, but some low refresh rate LED screens will appear scan lines when taking pictures, which affects the shooting effect. The HTJ series transparent screen supports a high refresh rate of more than 3840Hz, which will not leave a scan line when shooting, allowing people to capture wonderful moments without stopping. Merchants use this display with creative advertisements to attract young people to take pictures and check in, and increase more traffic to their stores.

high permeability design, both aesthetics and visual experience

  According to the current development of the new retail industry, HTJ has tailor-made the Transparent LED Display  for the new retail industry according to its characteristics. The characteristics of this screen are high refresh rate, no scanning line for taking pictures, and ultra-high brightness and high pass. The transmittance and brightness can support up to 7000nits, regardless of whether it is indoor or outdoor viewing. There are many models such as p3.9, P5.2, P7.8, P10.4, P15.6, P20, etc. to choose from, which can meet Various venues and scenes can be used in shopping malls or retail store windows. Its high-transparency (up to 86%) screen makes the scene both dreamy and beautiful, and will not affect indoor lighting. Transparent LED screen                                                

Fully meet the needs of various styling, worry-free and enhance store image

  At the same time, in commercial areas, the application of transparent screens as showcases is one of the means of offline brand promotion. In glass showcases, if you want to reduce the obstruction of structural components to the line of sight, or improve the perspective effect, you can adopt a hollow structure design. to realise

  The transparent screen of the HTJ series can be customized and tailored. No matter what kind of design, it can create a variety of shapes for it. Its light and thin basic characteristics also make it safer and more convenient to use in the window. The use of Transparent LED screen in commercial displays not only makes indoor advertising more vivid and three-dimensional, but also enhances the brand’s style. Compared with traditional ordinary LED displays, Transparent LED screens are more modern and technological. Using it in the business district can attract more people’s attention, bring traffic to the business district, and increase people’s desire to buy and enhance brand influence.
  Under the current trend of new retail, Transparent LED screens can superimpose virtual interaction, big data cloud operation, VR and other technologies to enrich advertising styles and content. Under the continuous innovation and progress of the LED display industry, the use of Transparent LED screens is becoming more and more diversified. Use the right products in the right scenes, do a good job in field segmentation, and attract more end users.
